Readme.md, before:

# **Secret Password**  

## **Assignment Description**  
Create a function password() that returns true/false if a given variable p equals the secret password "Knights19"

## **Examples**  
>password("password")  
false

>password("Knights19")  
true

## **Limitations**  
1 if  
1 else  

## **Hints**  
N/A  

## **Concepts**  
Unit 1, if/else  

---

## **How to complete this assignment**
In order to complete this assignment, you will need to write your code in the main.py file.

This assignment will automatically be tested and graded upon completion.

Once you submit your work, you can see if your code passed or failed by going to the "Actions" page of your github repository for this assignment. It may take a few minutes for the test to finish running. A red X means that it failed. A green check means that your assignment successfully passed and you are finished.

To submit your work, run these commands in the terminal: 
>git add .  
git commit -m "*Title of Assignment* try #"  
git push  

There is no limitation for the number of times you may submit.

Email me with any questions you may have about completing this assigment  
zacharyo@mystma.org

Commit message:

Changed true/false to string output

Readme.md, after:

# **Secret Password**  

## **Assignment Description**  
Create a function password() that returns access granted/denied if a given variable p equals the secret password "Knights19"

## **Examples**  
>password("password")  
ACCESS DENIED

>password("Knights19")  
ACCESS GRANTED

## **Limitations**  
1 if  
1 else  

## **Hints**  
Be sure to write your return statements exactly as given in the examples. Capitalization and spelling matters.

## **Concepts**  
Unit 1, if/else  

---

## **How to complete this assignment**
In order to complete this assignment, you will need to write your code in the main.py file.

This assignment will automatically be tested and graded upon completion.

Once you submit your work, you can see if your code passed or failed by going to the "Actions" page of your github repository for this assignment. It may take a few minutes for the test to finish running. A red X means that it failed. A green check means that your assignment successfully passed and you are finished.

To submit your work, run these commands in the terminal: 
>git add .  
git commit -m "*Title of Assignment* try #"  
git push  

There is no limitation for the number of times you may submit.

Email me with any questions you may have about completing this assigment  
zacharyo@mystma.org
